Sort by popularity and add badges (#103)
vinegarhq/vinegarhq.github.io: src/Installation/guides/package.md

cd vinegar
makepkg -si
```
Alternatively install `vinegar` with an AUR helper.

### Fedora (COPR)
[![COPR Package](https://img.shields.io/badge/dynamic/json?color=50a4db&label=Fedora%20COPR&query=builds.latest.source_package.version&url=https%3A%2F%2Fcopr.fedorainfracloud.org%2Fapi_3%2Fpackage%3Fownername%3Dthegu5%26projectname%3Dvinegar%26packagename%3Dvinegar%26with_latest_build%3DTrue)](https://copr.fedorainfracloud.org/coprs/thegu5/vinegar/)

> Run the following with root privileges:
> 
> ```sh
> dnf copr enable thegu5/vinegar
> dnf install vinegar

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```sh
# dnf copr enable thegu5/vinegar
# dnf install vinegar
```

games-util/vinegar **
```

### Alpine Linux

[![Alpine Linux Edge](https://repology.org/badge/version-for-repo/alpine_edge/vinegar.svg?header=Alpine%20Linux%20Edge)](https://pkgs.alpinelinux.org/package/edge/testing/x86_64/vinegar)

> If you are using Alpine Linux Edge with the [testing repo enabled](https://wiki.alpinelinux.org/wiki/Repositories#Edge) you can install the package by simply running the following with root privileges:
> ```sh
> apk add vinegar

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vinegar's Alpine package resides within the [Edge testing repository](https://wiki.alpinelinux.org/wiki/Repositories#Edge), see more on how to set it up [here](https://wiki.alpinelinux.org/wiki/Repositories#Managing_repositories)
```sh
# apk add vinegar
```
